lap 18 major crash multiple car crash
going down toward turn three on the back
straightaway
and there you see the number seven out
of 70 out of Davenport Iowa that's Dale
fishlegs car one of those Larry
Pearson's car has been destroyed in this
crash and we believe that Phil Parsons
car has been destroyed as well we're
picking them up out there Jill Betsy's
car is also down you see there's a horde
of there I you know I'm not I don't know
where Phil's car there's the remains
some of the meanwhile on pit road the
activity
at lap 19 fueling these cars and getting
them back out
with fifty and five tenths of a mile
complete let's take a look again at what
happened
come down the back here that's Phil on
the inside all I see he gets he gets
clipped right here by Rick sex Greg
sacks yeah into the outside wall he goes
in when he when he starts to hit that
outside wall cars have nowhere to go
debris flying everywhere it's amazing as
many cars got through that it did where
Phil's cars just taking the tremendous
pounding air that goes into the outside
wall but here comes the trouble as that
car comes down across the track fish
line spins around so does Tracey Leslie
in the green number 11 car mike is that
Mike Wallace up there on the high side
looks like was a Mike Harmon within that
in the 24 car second part of this
incident
there's where he's collected that's
Larry Pearson head on in to him there
it's hard to tell this yeah so many cars
that might was that Mike Wallace yes it
was up on the outside yeah you're riding
with Phil Parsons as this in as he's
tied by Greg sacks he's trying to get I
guess Sachs was trying to get down in
behind him possibly and it just clipped
each other shop fill right up into the
outside wall and this a shame bills had
you know couple of three bad weeks here
no Milwaukee and New Hampshire and now
this oh goodness look at that job
from there still Rick Phil Parsons six
and points
let's go to dick Berggren and i with
tracy leslie he is at the garage area
how did that look to you